Document release procedure (#194)
grackle-project/grackle: doc/source/Contributing.rst

  2. Update the fortran definition for the ``grackle_chemistry_data`` type (in ``src/clib/grackle_fortran_interface.def``). This type must exactly match the definition of :c:data:`chemistry_data` and is used to integrate Grackle into simulation codes written in Fortran.

  3. Add documentation in ``doc/source/Parameters.rst`` for your new parameter.

Instructions for Making a Release
---------------------------------

Before reading this section, please ensure you are familiar with our :ref:`versioning policy <versioning-code>`.

To create a new release:

>   1. Draft the changes to the changelog and draft the release notes (GitHub allows you to circulate a draft of the release notes with other developers).

Reviewer: It may worth mentioning here that it's easier to start with the github release draft as you can have it automatically list all the PRs since the last relase.

Author: Great Point! I didn't actually know that

  2. Create a new PR that includes 2 commits (commit A followed by commit B):

     (i) Commit A (the first commit) is the final commit included in the release. It should:

         - update the changelog

> 	 - update the version number of the c-library. This is currently tracked in with `src/clib/Make.config.assemble` **AND** (for documentation purposes) in `doc/source/conf.py`

Author: **NOTE:** please don't let this comment stop you from reviewing this PR

As part of #181, we now track the c-library version number within a single file called `./VERSION` that can be found at the root of the repository. The build-system and documentation automatically read this version number from this file. Once that PR is merged, we need to make the following tweak:

```suggestion
	 - update the version number of the c-library. This is currently tracked in within the ``VERSION`` file (that can be found at the root level of the repository) 
```

>          - update the version number of the python module (stored internally in `src/python/setup.py`)

Reviewer: I would add an (if applicable) or something to make it clear we don't need to update this number unless changes have been made to pygrackle.

     (ii) Commit B (the second commit) is the first commit for the next version.
          It should just update the version number of the c-library to specify the next development version

> 	  -  like before, this must be updated in `src/clib/Make.config.assemble` **and** `doc/source/conf.py`

Author: NOTE: please don't let this comment stop you from reviewing this PR

As part of https://github.com/grackle-project/grackle/pull/181, we now track the c-library version number within a single file called ./VERSION that can be found at the root of the repository. The build-system and documentation automatically read this version number from this file. Once that PR is merged, we need to make the following tweak:

```suggestion
	  -  like before, this must be updated in the ``VERSION`` file (that can be found at the root level of the repository)
```

          - do **NOT** touch anything else (even the python version number)

  3. After the PR is merged, perform the release on GitHub.
     Make sure to associate the release (and the new tag) with Commit A (not with Commit B).

> 

Reviewer: Another step is to go to the [readthedocs page](https://readthedocs.org/projects/grackle/) and add the release tag to list of versions to build.

Author: I missed that
